[SNOW-1791241] Add a session parameter to disable scoped read only temp table (#2587)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

  - Treat an empty `subset` (e.g. `[]`) as if it specified all columns instead of no columns.
  - Raise a `TypeError` for a scalar `subset` instead of filtering on just that column.
  - Raise a `ValueError` for a `subset` of type `pandas.Index` instead of filtering on the columns in the index.

> - Disable creation of scoped read only table to mitigate dynamic pivot unfound table issue in notebook env.

Reviewer: I would suggest we describe the kind of error this would bubble earlier. For example 
```suggestion
- Disable creation of scoped read only table to mitigate `TableNotFoundError` when using dynamic pivot in notebook environment.
```

Author: udpated
